Bus Transport Management System project is developed for making present system of bus transportation paperless and more digitalized. This will make easy of business due to user friendly and easy to use system. Utilization of this system will increase the productivity. The main motto of this is to provide transport service to consigner and consignee. Smart Bus application is a bus management software application which eases the booking process and avails seat reservation for buses and can be used by all passengers who download the application. It’s extremely user friendly and offers some striking and responsive features. The Smart Bus application allows the user to create an account if he/she is using it for the very first time. On account creation, the details of the user are encrypted and safely stored in the database.
They can then login with the valid credentials and are redirected to the bookings page where they can view the list of all possible buses and their routes along with its time. The user then chooses the desired bus as per his/her time convenience. After this, the user is required to fill in the payment details. He/she has the option to choose either cash or credit card as their payment option. If they choose the credit card option, then he/she would have to give in the card details and the amount will be deducted accordingly.  On confirmation of payment and on successful transaction, the user is redirected to the receipt which is a confirmation of their booking. Further, if the user has had a pleasant journey or wishes to acknowledge any mishap during their journey, he/she can also rate their experience [4]. All-together, Smart Bus is one such application which aims towards fast tracking the lives of its passengers.
Tis file is being updated.
